yes it's Spencer Tracy as you've never
seen him before
and Katharine Hepburn as you've always
wanted to see her they'll have you
rocking and rolling with laughter as
they match wits with Miss Emmy the
machine that can replace everybody
except a woman like Katie Wow except for
sex
what's that meet the desk set the girls
and boys who make the offers such a
wonderful place to love in gig young as
the prize catch of the office Joan
Blondell Dina Merrill
sue Randle Diane Jergens Mary Anders see
the kisses the missus the conquests the
coffee breaks the love breaks and those
Christmas parties where everything goes
and anything can happen
I think perhaps I'd better put my
clothes on guff I swallowed that cozy
night at your apartment for the love of
Pete I even apologized to you for that
and now this I don't know what you're
talking about routine look bunny I don't
know what kind of a game it is you're
playing but whatever it is you've got
the wrong boy yeah but not funny was and
it would never work why not
because you're not in love with me
you're in love with her she'd always
come first
anything went wrong with her you forget
about me like that oh you know why your
daughter I couldn't care less about that
you could blow up and it wouldn't bother
me you've heard of the country club set
this station wagon set the social set
but you ain't seen nothing till you've
seen what goes on and on and on with the
desk set
[Music]
[Applause]